README.md, before:


# Custom WebSearch Agent with LangGraph

### Watch the Tutorial:
[![Watch this video on YouTube](https://img.youtube.com/vi/R-o_a6dvzQM/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-o_a6dvzQM)


### Agent Schema:
![Agent Schema](schema_diagram/LanGraph.png)


### Prerequisites

#### Environment Setup
1. **Install Anaconda:**  
   Download Anaconda from [https://www.anaconda.com/](https://www.anaconda.com/).

2. **Create a Virtual Environment:**
   ```bash
   conda create -n agent_env python=3.11 pip
   ```
   
3. **Activate the Virtual Environment:**
   ```bash
   conda activate agent_env
   ```

### Clone and Navigate to the Repository
1. **Clone the Repo:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/john-adeojo/graph_websearch_agent.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Repo:**
   ```bash
   cd /path/to/your-repo/graph_websearch_agent
   ```

3. **Install Requirements:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Configure API Keys
1. **Open the `config.yaml`:**
   ```bash
   nano config.yaml
   ```

2. **Enter API Keys:**
   - **Serper API Key:** Get it from [https://serper.dev/](https://serper.dev/)
   - **OpenAI API Key:** Get it from [https://openai.com/](https://openai.com/)

### Run Your Query
```bash
python -m app.app
```
Then enter your query.

## If you want to work with Ollama


### Setup Ollama Server
1. **Download Ollama:**
   Download [https://ollama.com/download](Ollama)

2. **Download an Ollama Model:**
   ```bash
   curl http://localhost:11434/api/pull -d "{\"name\": \"llama3\"}"
   ```
Ollama[https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/api.md#list-local-models](API documentionation)

#### Video on how I integrated the Ollama Server:

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/tVcOU054iWA/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/tVcOU054iWA)

Commit message:

Refactor, Front End,  Bug Fix,  New Integrations
1) Refactor agent.py.
2) Atomized agent workflow to split reviewer into reviewer and router.
3) renamed the researcher agent to selector.
4) Adjusted prompt.py to fit the new agent workflow.
5) Bug fix in graph.py, scraped content now feeds the inspector agent.
6) Added chainlit front end.
7) added run_windows and run_linux files to instantiate frontend.
8) Added integrations to Claude, Groq, and Gemini.

README.md, after:


# Custom WebSearch Agent with LangGraph

### Watch the Tutorial:
[![Watch this video on YouTube](https://img.youtube.com/vi/R-o_a6dvzQM/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-o_a6dvzQM)

### Agent Schema:
![Agent Schema](schema_diagram/LanGraph.png)

### Prerequisites

#### Environment Setup
1. **Install Anaconda:**  
   Download Anaconda from [https://www.anaconda.com/](https://www.anaconda.com/).

2. **Create a Virtual Environment:**
   ```bash
   conda create -n agent_env python=3.11 pip
   ```
   
3. **Activate the Virtual Environment:**
   ```bash
   conda activate agent_env
   ```

### Clone and Navigate to the Repository
1. **Clone the Repo:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/john-adeojo/graph_websearch_agent.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Repo:**
   ```bash
   cd /path/to/your-repo/graph_websearch_agent
   ```

3. **Install Requirements:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Configure API Keys
1. **Open the `config.yaml`:**
   ```bash
   nano config.yaml
   ```

2. **Enter API Keys:**
   - **Serper API Key:** Get it from [https://serper.dev/](https://serper.dev/)
   - **OpenAI API Key:** Get it from [https://openai.com/](https://openai.com/)
   - **Gemini API Key:** Get it from [https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api)
   - **Claude API Key:** Get it from [https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/getting-started](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/api/getting-started)
   - **Groq API Key:** Get it from [https://console.groq.com/keys](https://console.groq.com/keys)

### Run the front end
If you want to run the front end

For Windows, run:
```powershell
cd app
./run_windows.ps1
```

For Linux/macOS, run:
```bash
cd app
chmod +x run_linux.sh
./run_linux.sh
```

### Run Your Query In Shell
```bash
python -m app.app
```
Then enter your query.

## If you want to work with Ollama

### Setup Ollama Server
1. **Download Ollama:**
   Download [https://ollama.com/download](https://ollama.com/download)

2. **Download an Ollama Model:**
   ```bash
   curl http://localhost:11434/api/pull -d "{\"name\": \"llama3\"}"
   ```
Ollama [API documentation](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/api.md#list-local-models)

#### Video on how I integrated the Ollama Server:

[![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/tVcOU054iWA/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/tVcOU054iWA)
